How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Viewing the diff helped me see the bug because it helps me see exact lines of code that were changed

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Having access to the entire history file can help you search for errors without having to scar through the entire file

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    some pros of doing things manually can make sure that you don't have every sing version saved. You only want to have the current version and one old version

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    I think they do that so you can choose what files you want to save rather than save everything. If you were to have too many files in could be confusing.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    You can use these commands by see the difference of old files compared to new files they.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    It would make you more confident because you know if something goes wrong then you will know what has been changed.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to experiment with using code to make web pages and I wont be scared to make mistakes because I can always go back.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

    If you were to have easy access tot he entire history file you would be able to see mistakes you made and be able to restore back to the version with no mistakes.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

    I think the pros of manually saving your own commits allows you to choose when you want to save anything. The cons are if you are a person who forgets to save then you might forget rather then the programs saving it for you.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    I think they do this because some files should be kept together because they directly correspond to each other.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    You can use the command git log to see all of you files saved in git and you can use git diff to see what changes you have made between them.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

    Version control would make you more confident because it would help you be able to see old files and compare them to see mistakes you made. So you do not have to worry about mistakes.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I what to use git to create functional web pages. It will help me by giving me a place to store and compare all my files.
